add hint for smaller contextmenu on multiselect (#9936)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/general_tools.rst

.. note:: The Z-ordering behavior can be overridden by the
   :ref:`Layer Order <layer_order>` panel.

Depending on the item selected in the panel, a right-click shows a dedicated set of options presented below.

> Some of these entries are not available when multiple selections are made (e.g. Edit, Rename).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of these entries are not available when multiple selections are made
(e.g. :guilabel:`Filter`, :guilabel:`Rename`, :guilabel:`Properties`).
```
Edit is actually possible. And while writing with capital letters, lets use guilabel
